DOC-2267-HA-min-size (#558)
tigergraph/server-docs: modules/intro/pages/continuous-availability-overview.adoc

This requires data to be distributed across the cluster.
There are two key concepts in the cluster design:

- *Replication Factor*: the number of copies of data that will be stored in the cluster.
RF=1 means the data is stored once.
This is configurable at the time of installation.
- *Partitioning Factor*: the number of machines across which one copy of the data is distributed.
Based on the nodes of the cluster size, TigerGraph will automatically pick a partitioning factor, taking into account the replication factor.

image::cluster_arch.png[Diagram showing the mathematical relationship between the partitioning and replication factors in a TigerGraph cluster]

> In short, a TigerGraph cluster can be seen as a grid of data spread across _P_ partitions with _R__ copies of the data.

Author: ```suggestion
In short, a TigerGraph cluster can be seen as a two-dimensional array of data spread across _P_ partitions with _R__ copies of the data.
```
